DOCS-3032: Update component pages for user needs (#3592)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/motor/_index.md

## Troubleshooting

If your motor is not working as expected, follow these steps:

> 1. Check your machine logs on the **LOGS** tab to check for errors.
> 2. Review your motor model's documentation to ensure you have configured all required attributes.
> 3. Click on the **TEST** panel on the **CONFIGURE** or **CONTROL** tab and test if you can use the motor there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check your machine logs on the **LOGS** tab to check for errors.
1. Review your motor model's documentation to ensure you have configured all required attributes.
1. Check that all wires are securely attached to the correct pins.
1. Click on the **TEST** panel on the **CONFIGURE** or **CONTROL** tab and test if you can use the motor there.
```
